## Scenario 1: Create a Management Group

## Part A: Accessing Azure Portal

   > **Note:**  All actions that you perform in Azure require some level of permissions. These Azure Governance configurations that we are about to make require high levels of permissions, which for security reasons are not allowed for end users.
   To walk through the steps in the Lab we have created a simulation that you can click through. Follow the steps in the guide while navigating the interactive experience.

1. On the Windows desktop, click the **AzureManagementGroups.exe** shortcut and maximize the window

## Part B: Creating a new Azure Management Group

1. Click **All services** and then click **Management groups**

1. On the **Management groups** blade, click **Start using management groups**
  
1. On the **Add management group** blade, ensure **Create new** is selected
 
1. In the **Management group ID** field copy and paste: **Contoso**

> The **Management Group ID** is the directory unique identifier that is used to submit commands on this management group. This identifier is not editable after creation as it is used throughout the Azure system to identify this group.

6. In the **Management group display** name field copy and paste: **Contoso**

> The **Management group display name** field is the name that is displayed within the Azure portal. A separate display name is an optional field when creating the management group and can be changed at any time. 

![New AMG]img/newamg.png)

7. Click **Save** to create the Management group
