## Scenario 10: Exploring Azure Resource Graph

**Azure Resource Graph** provides resource exploration with the ability to query at scale across all subscriptions and management groups.

## Part A: Accessing Azure Cloud Shell

1.	In the left pane of the Azure portal, click **All services** then click **Policies**

2.	On the left menu, under Resources click **Resource Graph (preview)**

3.	On the Resource Graph welcome screen click on the **Launch Cloud Shell** button

## Part B: Using Azure CLI to explore the Azure Resource Graph

1.	In the shell panel paste the following command and hit Enter to add the Resource Graph extension to the Azure CLI environment

```az extension add --name resource-graph```

Now it is time to run some queries and explore your environment

2.	**Count Azure resources**. This query returns number of Azure resources that exist in the subscriptions that you have access to. It's also a good query to validate your shell of choice has the appropriate Azure Resource Graph components installed and in working order. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "summarize count()"```

3.	**Show first five virtual machines by name and their OS type**. This query will use limit (top 5) to only retrieve five matching records that are ordered by name. The type of the Azure resource is Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines. project tells Azure Resource Graph which properties to include. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines' | project name, properties.storageProfile.osDisk.osType | top 5 by name desc"```

4.	**Count virtual machines by OS type**. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines' | summarize count() by tostring(properties.storageProfile.osDisk.osType)"```

5.	A different way to write the same query is to **extend** a property and give it a temporary name for use within the query, in this case **os**, which is then used by summarize and **count()** as in the previous example. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines' | extend os = properties.storageProfile.osDisk.osType | summarize count() by tostring(os)"```

6.	Type **clear** and hit Enter to clear the screen:

```clear```

7.	**Show disks, with properties of disk State and os type**. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Compute/disks' | project name, properties.diskState, properties.osType"```

8.	**Show Availability sets, including number of fault and update domains**. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Compute/availabilitySets' | project name, properties. platformFaultDomainCount, properties. platformUpdateDomainCount"```

9.	**Show all Storage accounts' name and location**. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | project name, location"```

10.	Type **clear** and hit Enter to clear the screen:

```clear```

11.	**Count storage accounts by location**. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts' | summarize count() by tostring(location)"```

10.	**Virtual machines matched by regex**. This query looks for virtual machines that match a regular expression (known as regex). The **'matches regex @'** allows us to define the regex to match, which is ^myvm(.*)[0-9]+$. After matching by name, the query projects the name and orders by name ascending. Copy/paste the following command and hit Enter:

```az graph query -q "where type =~ 'microsoft.compute/virtualmachines' and name matches regex @'^myvm(.*)[0-9]+$' | project name | order by name asc"```

11. The recording ended, you can close the window