## Todo API Functions

1. Open Visual Studio, Sign in with the provided lab user credential;

      - **Username : <inject key="AzureAdUserEmail" />**
      - **Password : <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword" />**
      
2. Meanwhile, you sign in to Visual Studio, click on the **Azure Portal** shortcut to login to the Azure Portal, Connect with the **Azure Credentials** from the **Environment Details** tab or using the Azure credentials from the Azure Credentials folder on the Desktop  

3. Click on **Resource group** and select **modernize-XXXX** .

4. Select **CosmosDB** from the list of available resources and then select **Keys** under **Settings** in the left-hand menu .

5. Copy the **PRIMARY connection string** and save to Notepad so that it can be used further in the lab .

6 . Open the **Visual Studio 2019** and select **Open a Project or Solution**

7. Navigate to **This Pc** > **Windows(C)** > **LabFiles** > **ServerlessApp**

8. Then select **functions-csharp-todo-auth.sln** and then click **Open**

  ```
  This will open a function app that extends our template from the earlier step with todo list logic.
 ```
9. Click **OK** for the Security warning and verify *Ask me for every project* in the solution is checked in.
 
10. Open **localsettings.json** and update the value of the **CosmosConnectionString** with **PRIMARY connection string** which we already   copied in the previous steps .

11. Open **TodoFunction.cs** file and review the code .
   
 > Notice we have different HTTP triggered functions here that map to the same methods we saw in the Controller earlier. 
  There are operatios to get, delete, and update todo items.

12. Now select **Debug** and select **Start Without Debugging** 

You should notice the project will build and then start up the Azure Functions runtime locally in Visual Studio. You can use this for debugging and breakpoints of any function project.

 
    Select to Allow Access to any firewall prompts that may appear
  
Notice the available functions are listed for testing. This project is already hooked up to a live CosmosDB account. Leave the function project running and open a web browser on the virtual machine to test the GetTodos function at http://localhost:7071/api/todo. You should see some test todo items returned.
 
 >After testing the function, you can close the web browser, close the Azure Functions runtime, and stop the debug session.
