## Building a .NET Core Blazor website
Now that the controllers have been modernized with Azure Functions, Azure CosmosDB, and Authentication, we need to create a website to view and manage our todo items.

```
Depending on time, you can skip straight to the Test on a live site section to test right away.
```

Unlike a traditional website that requires running on a webserver 24/7, Blazor enables you to write static single page applications that can dynamically render on the client browser. These websites can be deployed as static files to a storage account + CDN (Content Delivery Network), and accessible over the internet without needing a web server. This can provide incredibly elastic scale at minimal cost.
1. Close **Visual Studio Code** if it is still open
2. On the desktop, double-click to open **Visual Studio Code**.
3. Select **File** and then **Open** Folder.
4. Navigate to **Windows(C)** > **LabFiles** > **ServerlessApp** > **blazer-todo** and click **Select Folder**.               

      > This will open a blazor app that will act as the website.
      
5. Select the Extensions icon from the left-hand menu, enter "**Azure Storage**" into the search box, select the **Azure Storage**, and in the Extension: Azure Storage window, and then select Install.

6. Open **Pages** and select **Index.razor**
      
> Feel free to click around other files in the project to try to get a feel for how a Blazor file is made up and what it is doing (there are only a few files in the project)

### Running the blazor app locally

1. In **Visual Studio Code**, select on the top menu Terminal and then select **New Terminal**
2. In the terminal window that appears at the bottom, type **dotnet run** and press **Enter**

     > This will build and start running your blazar app locally on your virtual machine
     
3. After a few moments you should see some URLs listed that you can test like http://localhost:5000.
4. Open a web browser on the virtual machine and go to http://localhost:5000 and enter the name of the **Function App** and then **click Connect**.
5. Try perform the actions available in the blazer app like **add**, **remove**, **complete** and **delete** items.
6. Now goto Visual Studio Code and Press **Ctrl+C** to shutdown the application.
     
