## Using the Blazor webiste

The site will ask for the name of your function app that you deployed earlier. It will use this information to authenticate and call the code you deployed. You'll need to open up the Azure Portal to copy and paste the name of the app. The name of the function should be some random numbers and letters, starting with with **FunctionApp-xxx**

1. After you enter in the name of your site, click **Connect** to wire the site up to your function app
2. The site will now need you to login, because only with authentication can your function be accessed. So click the **login** button
3. After logging in, it should list the current users todo items
4. You can add, **remove**, **complete**, and **delete** items.

   > Behind the scenes the blazor site is making authenticated calls to your function to interact and store these items in CosmosDB. After refreshing the site and ensuring you log into the same account, you should see the same items preserved.

### Extra credit

Here's some tasks you can do to understand more of how this modernized app works, and build more yourself:

1. Navigate to the **Azure Portal** and find your CosmosDB database. Use the Data Explorer to see how the Azure Function and Blazor site are interacting to add and remove data as you use the website
2. In **Visual Studio Code**, publish the blazor app to your own storage account

     >  In the integrated terminal you can run dotnet publish -c Release to generate a release build
     >  After running the above command, naviate in VS Code to the folder bin -> Release -> netstandard2.0 -> dist
     >  Right-click the dist folder and select to Deploy to a Static Website
     >  Follow the prompts to create a new storage account and deploy it to it
     >  Browse to the storage account to see your live webpage
     
3.	Open the **function app** in the **Azure Portal** and browse to the **Configuration**. See how the **Azure Function** is referencing your **CosmosDB** account using secured environment variables

### Course Resources

The full code for this lab can be found at https://github.com/jeffhollan/functions-csharp-todo-auth
