# Review the App

In this exercise you will review the ContosoIT web application, log a ticket with the web application and review the Hyper-V setup to validate your on-premises resources.  The goal here is to just get a sense that this is a real working application that we are going to migrate.

### Detailed steps

1. On the Desktop of your server, click on the ContosoIT shortcut and wait for the website to load.  This is a support ticket site for the Contoso company that we'll be moving.
2. Once the page loads, **click** on **Create New** to create a new ticket .
3. Fill out the ticket form and **click** on **Create** and then select **Assign** from the options available.	
4. Minimise the tab and **click** on the windows button in the lower left corner.
5. Type **CMD** on the Search bar and select the App **Command Prompt** in the search results to open the command prompt.
6. Type the following command **ping contosoit.contoso.com** and hit **Enter**.

      >This is the address of the web app and resolves to **10.0.0.100** which is the on-prem IP for the webapp01 VM running on Hyper-V.

7. Minimize the browser and **click** on **Hyper-V Manager** from the desktop. Review the application infrastructure.

	>The jumphost you are logged into is also a Hyper-V server running the infrastructure for our web app. When you click on the host name in Hyper-V manager, **<inject key="jumphostVmName" />** you will see 3 guest VM's:
     	>*  **migratenext** - Pre-deployed Azure Migrate Appliance
     	>*  **webapp01** - Windows 2008R2 Server running IIS and hosting ContosoIT web application
     	>*  **webmssql01** - Windows 2008R2 Server with SQL 2008R2 hosting the ContosoIT database

