# Create Migration Solution

In this exercise you will set up a new Migrate Assessment Tool and discover the VMs on your Hyper-V host with the Azure Migrate appliance.

### Create Solution

1. On the desktop, click the **Azure Portal** shortcut to sign into the Azure Portal and sign in with the following credentials:

	* **Username:** <inject key="AzureAdUserEmail" />
	* **Password:** <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword" />

2.  In the search bar at the top of the portal type **Migrate**
3.  In the results, click **Azure Migrate** under services
4.	On the **Get started** page, click **Assess and migrate servers**
5.  In the Right corner next to **Migrate project** Click **(change**)
6.  Select your subscription: **<inject key="subscriptionName" />**
7.  Select your Migrate project: **<copy><inject key="resourceGroupName"  copy="false" />migrate</copy>**
8.  Click **Ok**
9.  Under **Assessment Tools** Click **Click here to add an assesment tool**
10.  On the **Select assessment tool** tab select **Azure Migrate: Server Assessment** and click **Add tool**


	>This should only take about 30 seconds to complete. You will see the status in the notification bell in the top right portion of the browser. Once the deployment is successful go to the next steps. 

### Deploy Azure Migrate Appliance

11. In the **Azure Migrate: Server Assessment** tile click **Discover**
12. On the **Discover Machines** blade click the **Are your machines virtualized?** drop-down and select **Yes, with Hyper-V**

	>Review the steps listed here. This is the transition point from setting up the Azure resources and implementing the on-prem appliance to begin pulling data up for analysis.