# Setup replication using Azure Migrate

We've assessed our on-prem infrastructure and are ready to enable replication of a virtual machine.  In this exercise you will be configuring replication for your Windows 2008R2 web server VM on Hyper-V for failover to Azure using Azure Migrate. This will enable us to migrate the VM to an Azure IaaS VM. In the interest of time we have already setup and registered the required services to enable replication. For detailed information about preparing your environment follow the link under **Recommended help**


### Recommended help:

[Migrate on-premises machines to Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/migrate/tutorial-migrate-hyper-v)

## Configure Replication
1. Return to the **Azure Migrate - Servers** page

2. Under Migration Tools Click **Replicate**

3. From the dropdown under *Are you machines virtualized?* select **Yes, with Hyper-V**

4. Click **Next: Virtual machines**

5. Under *Import migration settingd from an Azure Migrate assesment* select **No, I'll specify the migration settings manually**

    > Normally you would use the assessment data to help fill in your migration settings.

6. Check the box next **webmssql01**

7. Click **Next: Target settings**

8. Select your subscription: **<inject key="subscriptionName" />**

9. Click the **Resource group** dropdown, Select **migrate** from the list.

10. Click the **Replication Storage Account** dropdown, Select **<inject key="resourceGroupName" />sa**

11. Click the **Virtual Network** dropdown, Select **contosonet**

12. Click the **Subnet** dropdown, Select **TestSubnet**

13. Click **Next: Compute**

14. Click the **Os Type** dropdown, Select **Windows**

15. Change the VM size to **Standard_DS2_V2**

16. Click **Next: Disks**

17. We will use the default of Replication all disks

18. Click **Next: Review + Start replication**

19. Review the target settings

20. We have already setup replication of a VM for you. Hit the X in the right corner and return to the **Azure Migrate - Servers** page 


