## **Scenario 1 - Building a Virtual Network**
An **Azure virtual network** (VNet) is a representation of your own **network**  in the cloud. It is a logical isolation of the **Azure** cloud dedicated to your subscription. You can fully control the IP address blocks, DNS settings, security policies and route tables within this **network.** [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview).

### **Logging into the Azure Portal**

1. In the **Email or phone** field, enter **<inject key="AzureAdUserEmail" />** and click **Next**
1. In the **Password** field, enter **<inject key="AzureAdUserPassword" />** and click **Sign in**
1. If you see the pop-up **You have free Azure Advisor recommendations!** , close the window to continue the lab. 
1. If you see the pop-up  **Stay Signed in?**, click **No**
1. If a **Welcome to Microsoft Azure** popup window appears, click **Maybe Later** to skip the tour

### **Building a Virtual Network**

6. Click **+ Create a resource**
1. On the **New** blade, click **Networking** in the **Azure Marketplace** menu
1. In the **Featured** menu, select the **Virtual network** app
1. On the **Create virtual network** blade, type <copy>**DemoLabVnet1**</copy> in the **Name** field

    > **Note:** If the portal advises the name is not unique, simply adjust the name. Once you create a unique name that is available, you will see a check mark at the end of the **Name** field.
    
1. **Address space** use: <copy>**10.2.0.0/24**</copy>
1. Verify a **Subscription** is listed in the **Subscription** dropdown menu
1. In the **Resource group** field, select **<inject key="AzureResourceGroupName" copy="false"/>** resource group from the dropdown menu
1. In the **Location** dropdown menu, select **South Central US**
1. Change the Subnet name to <copy>**demolabsubnet**</copy>
1. **Subnet address range** use: <copy>**10.2.0.0/26**</copy>

    >**Note:** This will supply 64 IP addresses for the virtual network.
    
1. Leave **Basic** selected in **DDoS protection** field 

    >**Note:** Azure DDoS basic protection is integrated into the Azure platform by default and at no additional cost. Azure DDoS standard protection is a premium paid service that offers enhanced DDoS mitigation capabilities via adaptive tuning, attack notification, and telemetry to protect against the impacts of a DDoS attack for all protected resources within this virtual network. [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/ddos-protection-overview)

1. Leave default selection for **Service endpoints** and **Firewall**
1. Click **Create** to deploy the virtual network

    > **Note:** You can check the status of the virtual network deployment by clicking on the notification (Bell) icon at the top of the page.

This completes this scenario. Click **Next** to go to the next scenario.