## **Scenario 6 - Connect to the VM and Install IIS**
Now you will connect to the newly created virtual machine with Azure Cloud Shell and use PowerShell to install the web-server feature and deploy a simple web page. Before installing the web-server, you will need to adjust the inbound security rule to allow Azure Cloud Shell to connect to the VM and prepare Cloud Shell for its first use. Cloud Shell machines are temporary and require a new or existing Azure Files share to be mounted as a clouddrive to persist files. On first launch, Cloud Shell prompts you to mount storage for the temporary machines it uses and in this lab you will create a new storage account for that purpose. This is a one-time step and will be automatically attached for all sessions. A single file share can be mapped and used by both Bash and PowerShell in Cloud Shell. 

#### **Update Inbound security rules**
You will now add an Inbound security rule to allow Azure Cloud Shell to connect to the VM.

 1. On the **Network interface blade**, click on **DEMOLABVM01-nsg** Network security group.
 
 2. On the **DEMOLABVM01-nsg** blade, click on the **Inbound security rule** under Settings
 
 3. On **DEMOLABVM01-nsg-Inbound security rules** blade, click **+Add**
 
 4. On **Add inbound security rule** blade, leave default selections for **Source, Source Port ranges** and **Destination**
 
 5. Set **Destination port ranges** as **80**
 
 6. In the **Name** field type <copy>**demolabrule**</copy>
 
 7. Click **Add**

#### **Prepare Azure Cloud Shell**
You will now prepare Azure Cloud Shell for its first use by mounting a storage account.

 8. In the **Favorites** menu, click **Virtual machines**
 
 9. On the **Virtual machines** blade, click on **DEMOLABVM01** to verify that the status of the vm is **Running**. If the status is still Creating, wait until the status changes to Running before completing the remaining steps 
 
10. In the **ribbon**, click on the **Cloud shell icon**

11. In **Azure Cloud Shell**, click **PowerShell**

12. On the **You have no storage mounted panel**, click on **Show advanced settings**

    > **Note:** Azure Cloud Shell requires a fileshare be mounted to your resource group to persist files used during the session. After initial use, this fileshare will be available for future Cloud shell session. 

13. In the **Cloud Shell region** dropdown, select **South Central US**

14. Under **Storage account**, select **Create new** and give the name as demolabstorageXXXXXX where XXXXXX is the unique deploymentid

15. Under **File share**, select **Create new** and type <copy>**demolab**</copy>

16. Click **Create storage** 

#### **Connect to the VM**

17. After the storage account is created and the Cloud Shell session has been started, copy the following command to enable PowerShell remoting and paste it by right-clicking at the **PS Azure: prompt** and choosing **paste** and hitting **Enter** 
**Make sure you replace the resourcegroupname with the resourcegroup name that you are using for the lab.**

```
Enable-AzVMPSRemoting -Name DEMOLABVM01 -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroupName" 
```

18. After that process is complete, to install the Web-Server feature on the server paste the following command at the **PS Azure: prompt** and hit **Enter** 
**Make sure you replace the resourcegroupname with the resourcegroup name that you are using for the lab.**

```
Invoke-AzVMCommand -Name DEMOLABVM01 -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroupName" -Scriptblock { Install-WindowsFeature -Name Web-Server } -Credential demouser
```

19. When prompted, type <copy>**Password.1!!**</copy> and hit **Enter**

    > **Note:** You have just invoked a PowerShell command to enable the Web-Server feature on the new VM that you just created. Now you will verify the web server is active and install a simple web page. 

#### **Verify Internet Information Services**

20. After the previous command completes, return to the **Virtual Machine blade** overview panel and **copy the Public IP address**

21. Open a **new browser window** and **resize** it if necessary.

22. In the **address bar**, paste the **public IP address** and press **Enter**

23. You should now see the **Windows Server Internet Information Services Welcome Screen** 

#### **Load a web page and monitor the VM**

24. Return to the **Azure Cloud Shell** window

25. At the **PS Azure: prompt**, paste the following variable and hit **Enter**. (Depending on your screen resolution, pasting a long command such as this in the cloud shell may cause multiple repeat lines to render. Simply hit Enter to execute the command.)

```
$Script={ Set-Content -Path "C:\\inetpub\\wwwroot\\Default.htm" -Value "<html><body><h2>Congratulations!</h2><p>You have just created a basic website on $($env:computername).</p></body></html>" }
```

26. At the **PS Azure: prompt**, paste the following command
**Make sure you replace the resourcegroupname with the resourcegroup name that you are using for the lab.**
```
Invoke-AzVMCommand -Name DEMOLABVM01 -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroupName" -Scriptblock $Script -Credential demouser
```

27. Press **Enter** to execute the command

28. When prompted, type <copy>**Password.1!!**</copy> and hit **Enter**

29. After the script completes, return to the **IIS Welcome screen browser tab** and **refresh the screen**

30. You should now see a **Congratulations** message that includes your VM name **DEMOLABVM01**


This completes this scenario. Click **Next** to go to the next scenario.
